Reachability analyzer (#59)
elastio/contrib: vpc-reachability-analyzer/README.md

# This script is designed to test if subnets have access to public AWS API

> To run the script open AWS CloudSell in the region where you plan deploy elastio. And run following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the script open AWS CloudShell in the region where you plan deploy Elastio. Then run following commands:
```

```

> wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/elastio/contrib/master/vpc-reachability-analyzer/elastio-vpc-reachability-analyzer.sh

Reviewer: NOTE: are you sure `wget` is present by default in CloudShell?  If so then this is fine.

Author: yes, I tested this in my default cloudshell.
